DRAG ME HERE
By Yichen Wang

Drag Me Here is an interactive experience. Seeing from the outside, it might seem to be a normal, easy-breezy, simple game, but deep down, it is not. It is a game that can never be completed because as players think they beat it, they will have to start over again, just like the story of Sisyphus.

Pushing a rock up to the top of the hill becomes dragging and dropping (DRAG) an element (ME) to a designated area (HERE). The player will perform this task to begin the game in the start menu. There is no surprise. Inside the actual game, it is still a dragging and dropping situation. Using a similar style from the start menu, the player should feel familiar. To let players know what they are doing ( since sometimes they just don't), a hint will be provided on the top of the window displaying some important messages. A dash-outlined rectangle includes the drag and drop element and the dropping area. It has no technical purpose but only to fill the space. Some players might think they need to drag the element inside the rectangle. It is such a pleasure to see these people get confused.

To play the game, the player only needs to drag the element to the area on the right. However, they will not succeed because a wall will spawn as soon as they think they can drag the element there. Once the cursor is detected by the boundary, it will spawn a wall at the cursor position. It will then trigger a "mouseup", so the draggable element will be released and goes back to its original position even though the player is still holding down the mouse. The wall can be destroyed by just clicking on it. The destruction of a wall will give the player points (DEFAULT: 2) to be added to the score which is display as a counter positioned at the left bottom corner. Once players reach 20 points, they can purchase 1 out of 3 upgrades. The upgrade buttons are located at the bottom center along with a help button providing some information on upgrades.

The first upgrade is a ladder that can be used to get over the wall or the detection boundary. The player can buy as many ladders as they want if they have the money (points). The second one allows the player's cursor to leave the window while dragging which is not allowed before the purchase. Being able to go off the window while dragging enables a new way to bypass the wall and the boundary. The last upgrade is adding 2 more points when the player destroys a wall, so the initial "+2" will be "+4". The player also can purchase this upgrade as many times as they want like the ladder.

What happens if the player drops the element in the area? Well, the scene will act like it loses connection, and an alert will appear saying "Oops! Connection lost..." Once they dismiss the alert, everything will reset and go back to the start.

Dragging and dropping the element to the designated area is like completing a goal. Hitting a wall is like hitting an obstacle during the process. The points come from a destroyed wall is like the mistake learned from failure. These points add up and enable a new way to solve the problem. It is either a way to get over the obstacle directly using the ladder, or a way to get around by going out of the window, or a long-term strategy by investing in points per wall destroyed, which helps to buy upgrades much quicker. Well, in the end, with experience and resources, completion is not a dream anymore, but only one slip, everything will be lost as the internet connection gets cut off.

So this is Drag Me Here.

MORE: There is another way to play the game. If the player (I don't know) drags the element across the window in a specified but fast speed with a little bit of luck, the cursor could be ignored by the detection boundary; therefore, the player can get past the wall without any upgrades. Of course, when they drop the element in the area, the whole game resets, so it is not a bug but a hidden feature.
